[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim's a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
Tim, we have a lot of
societal struggles on Earth.
I imagine ET civilizations
might face these challenges
for themselves as well.
How do some species use psionics
to overcome societal struggles?
>> In contrast to what
the situation on Earth is,
the effort in order to have
a mutual benefiting vision
for a planet is something that
is way more important to other
species.
They know and understand that
the evolvement and development
of a species, of
planetary as a whole,
is something that needs to
have a more or less homogeneous
vision to it.
It can go into extremes
like the Greys do.
The Greys have this
huge vision that
goes not only millennia
but millions and millions
and millions of
years of dedication
through all spaces
and dimensions
of the universe
which will take them
the longest in the
whole universe.
But there are other
species that understand
that focusing energy
and dedication
of a whole collective
memory system into one
or another version of that
timeline of their involvement
is really, really,
really important.
Because people on Earth,
pretty much everyone
has made this experience that
life is pretty hard, it's rough
and even animals are still
on a level of consciousness
where they battle themselves and
everything is kind of chaotic.
The multitude of
different agendas
that are focused on this
planet is one reason for that.
So in order to bring a more
cohesive, coherent strain
of vision, people have found
different techniques to do so.
And one technology
to do so could
be artificial
intelligence, which
means to create a pseudo
connectivity between species
and individuals on a
planet and through that,
create a combined
cohesive vision.
Other than that, and we
find that in ancient tribes,
as well, it is
possible to connect
to a future version of the same
planet and to reach out to that
or to even use the
dynamics of the universe
in order to connect to a--
we call that mindset being,
but it's basically a living
organism that is composed of a
set of ideas and visions that
is already alive in a dimension
that we cannot connect or see
until it's unfolded.
So that is something--
they would call that
like a call or something.
This is something they connect
to and intuitively feel
being called to, which makes
their life a lot more cohesive,
a lot more productive,
a lot more positive
because they have this vision
of themselves somewhere that is
calling them from a stable
point in the universe
and all they have to do is
follow that point instead
of going in directions
and creating
that kind of
distortion and chaos
that we find here
on this planet.
>> Is this a technology or a
highly evolved mental ability?
>> Mm-hmm, it can be both.
Some species have used
technology in order
to create something
like that, which makes
it a little more experiencable.
So some species
do not tend to be
spiritually evolved or
psionically evolved just as
much as some other species are.
So they rely heavily
on technology
in order to have a fixed
point in the universe
where that timeline is going to.
Some other species,
and we find that idea
as well on this planet
when we are thinking of,
for example, religion
and ancient tribes that
had, for example, their
ancestors somewhere
that are like a guiding or
protecting source of energy
for them, or even
like the idea of God
as a moral and
ethical correct status
that everyone is
trying to achieve.
Some species do that as
well by creating psionically
a version, a being
that is searching
the universe for a better home
and then reaching out backwards
to them so in order to change
the status on that planet
so they can move
to that direction.
And once they are
there, they project
that being out in
the universe again
and reach out to the call again.
And I think everyone on Earth
can do that for themselves
as here they have this concept
of a higher self, which
means a version of yourself that
might or might not be connected
to time, which is, basically,
overseeing the process you do
and giving you
advice on a subtitle
or any kind of
communicative level.
And the more the
decision is willingly
taken to bring this
being into existence,
the more profound the
communication will be.
So some people experience that
very heavily when they say,
well, I feel my high being
or I have this intuitive
sense of I should do
that and suddenly things
will turn out very well.
Then this is on a very small
scale but still effective
scale, something that
you could do in order
to project out a
version of yourselves
to receive that
kind of call that
leads you into a certain
direction on the universe.
>> Is this psionic ability used
to suppress or can it be used
to unite collective
consciousness?
>> It can be both.
We're going into
a direction that
might be, for example,
in ancient times
in some tribalistic context
where they were summoning
a demon or something which
actually means to put out
energy into the field of
probability and potential
and to receive back
energy which might
be either beneficial or
malevolent to the tribe.
And that can have
a profound effect
if a whole consciousness
is doing that.
The reason why things got
so distorted here on Earth
is because there
are so many agendas
and so many pushes and pulls
in different directions
that the universe
is only projecting
certain manifestations
on a very low key level.
But if a whole
collective-- and we always
need to remember that we are
parts of the whole creator,
and the more parts come together
and use their creative powers
to move reality into
one or another spot,
the easier it is
to create something
because everything is one
and everything is alive.
Things that are alive
can reach out back to you
and they can be
asked for service
because it's still yourself.
If you put your focus there
and energy reacts to that,
it can have an interesting and
tremendous effect on reality.
That is why when you have a
group of people and especially
people that connect to each
other and are open-hearted
and maybe even in
love with each other,
that can be used in order
to manifest and to connect
to the universe very quickly.
So if the audience come together
in a mindful and respectful,
even loving way with
each other, then things
can directly affect the
structure of reality.
This is also why I
love the comments
of the community when they were
writing, "all shift happily
now."
If a lot of people say
that and repeat it,
then it adds up to the
reality we all perceive.
>> But if the whole community
says, "all shift happily now,"
does the whole community have
to understand what the shift is?
>> No.
The looser we expect things
to happen and the more exact
we define our wish for something
that is really important
and what we put our attention
on, in this case, I mean,
it's all, it's the shift, it's
the way how it shifts, happily,
and when, now.
These four words or even
three words if you connected--
if you connect the
two words together,
describes the shift from a 3D
conscious to a 4D conscious.
Absolutely perfect.
It doesn't need to add--
nothing else needs to be added.
So if you have the who, when,
what, and how, then that's
everything the universe
needs to know in order
to project and to
change reality.
So from history, we know that
the Germans in World War II
were doing research on that
pretty much because they had
some knowledge about
the structure of things
way in the past
and how things were
back then when we were more
close to our natural state
of understanding.
And they called
that relationship
the so-called Aussengeist, which
meant the ghost from outside.
It's the living soul of the
universe that is everything
but it's still outside
of the experience.
And from that, it
can reach back to it.
If you're thinking in terms
of a virtual reality--
and I want to say
that pretty clear
that it depends on your
decision, what it is.
It's more than a virtual reality
but it can be defined as one.
Then, this is the inside of
everything like the software,
whereas the
so-called Aussengeist
is the computer that is
reaching back or rendering
the experience.
There are many, many
more perspectives on that
and the universe is far more
than just a virtual reality,
but it can also--
our models could
be applied to that.
>> Can we write our fate or only
react to it when we're talking
about psionics?
>> So the most correct answer
to that would be that reacting
and writing our destiny--
reacting to reality or writing
reality is the same thing.
You know, yin and yang.
But to give a more
hands-on approach to that,
we can absolutely change our
own reality to the better
and everyone who is
inside of our own reality
gets affected by what you
project out in your reality.
If you're doing a good job,
people will come to you,
people feel home, feel a sense
of we're going somewhere.
Ultimately, that will
lead to a universe
where every particle,
every consciousness unit
eventually will
find a place of home
where it will vibrate
in the best version.
And at that point, and that
is what the universe is
interested in, we have
a complete picture
of a geometrical form
and at that point,
another universe will
expand from that.
>> How is it used
intergalactically?
>> Everyone here on Earth
is experiencing a very basic
and fundamental form of reality
which means that through
a certain benevolent protection
barrier of this Earth,
every consciousness unit or
every individual can experience
reality and also consequences
without being too hard affected
by the consequences.
Which means, in other
realms of consciousness
and of the universe,
things will appear
and manifest much quicker.
And through this protection
barrier, a lot of human people
have distorted and paradoxed
thoughts and actions that
are not cohesive or productive.
And they can do that
quite a long time
until something bad is
happening or some cataclysm
is hitting in.
This is some kind of a
practicing life sphere
this Earth is, so that people
from consciousness level 3
and level 4 can
somehow learn how
to experience the universe
in a kind of gentle way.
But there are other realms
of the universe where
things appear much quicker.
And higher frequencial
beings from level five up
on, they are connected by
so-called cosmic adhesion,
which means that
through inherent powers,
they are drawn together.
If a paradox is occurring, then
natural powers will divide them
and some other form of
geometrics will stick to them.
Through that, they move
this geometrical picture
that they all form.
>> Are you talking about
psionics used as a technology
or is it exclusively
for the mind?
In other words, if an
individual has psionic ability,
can this technology
amplify that ability?
>> An individual is a small
unit of a more widely spread
collective awareness, which is
also a smaller part of an even
broader sense of consciousness.
So an individual can have
some kind of power psionically
in order to move certain things.
And two things are
important here.
The first thing is repetition--
so training, basically,
and the second thing
is no contrary
thoughts or realities.
So if someone wants to achieve
something, manifest something,
he or she should make
sure that the reality
he's manifesting as
for the mutual benefits
as a win-win
situation for everyone
so that the common
denominator is something
that everyone can agree upon.
That helps a lot.
Also coming together
in groups will
help a lot because more parts
of the one consciousness
come together and
project all their energy.
There are technologies that
can enhance that ability.
There are some species that
are more skilled in that,
some are less skilled.
One thing-- and this is
a negative word spoken
that has affected
Earth a lot, is
part of the
installation that is now
being removed in order to keep
people close-minded to a level
3 reality by making them
think that everything
is materialistic
and everything has
to be just this and not that.
And by more and
more people getting
aware of all the possibilities
and beauties and wonders
of the universe, this
will shift and people
will come to a more divine
and understanding status
of their own powers.
>> What can be holding it back?
>> There are some species
that are more capable of using
psionics, which means the
ability to alter your reality
by thought, and some species
are less capable of doing that.
Humans, as a species, have a
great potential in doing that.
They can spiritually
connect to the universe
in a very fine way.
But it is really, really
challenging to use psionics
when you're inside and in
the frequency of Earth.
You will only have
very minor effects.
Some people have, I
mean, shown something
like bending spoons
by their will
or moving objects by
their will or also
being very connected to the
thoughts of other people.
But it's still pretty hard
as the frequency of Earth
is very distorted.
So a being outside
of the influence
of the collective
energy of Earth
might be very well using
psionics somewhere else
but might have minor
effect when on Earth.
You could compare it
to gravity as when
you have a very high
gravity, it pulls everything
so strongly down to the ground
that you can only, I mean,
lift a certain
amount while, when
you have a less strong gravity,
you can lift a lot more weight.
It's not about the kilos, it's
about other forces and fields
that draw something in.
>> That's interesting because
astronauts had success with
psionic experiments in space
that were more challenging
on Earth.
How could that happen up
there but not on the ground?
>> The collectively shared
field of reality that we all are
contributing in, as people
on Earth have been put
into a belief system where
they project out the incapacity
of influencing the
field of reality,
that is also influencing
the field of reality.
So that makes things very hard.
Which means, you have a lot of
people that are not strongly
in that psionic evolvement
but as the mass of people
is pretty high, they
are contributing
in the lack of potential
efficiency of psionics.
So a lot of people think
this is not happening
and it's not possible to use
it, they create a reality
where it's more hard to do so.
Because everyone
who wants to change
reality or use psionics
in some way or another
have to overcome and overpower
everyone else in the room.
And that makes it pretty
difficult and hard
to maintain those psionics.
Luckily, and this has been
used by some other species who
take advantage of that, the
individuals on this planet
are not pretty trained
in using psionics.
That makes a malevolent
species attracted
to come here and use their
own powers, which are also
downgraded when they
are in this field,
but they can still overcome
a poorly trained human being
by their thought process and
overpower those structures.
But at some point
or another, they
need to go back into their
reality and shared reality
to regenerate all the energies.
>> So what you're saying reminds
me of the Maharishi Effect
where he said, that if you
have a certain percentage
of the population meditating
for peace as an example,
you'll influence that outcome.
That sounds a lot like
the flip side of humans.
>> 100% true.
And whoever installed all those
education systems and science
on Earth has altered reality
in a less benevolent way
for humanity because as
we know, apes species have
this specification
that they build
upon group conformity, which
means the common narrative is
something they stick to and they
try to re-educate everyone who
wants to step outside of that.
So everyone watching,
be aware of the fact
that you can contribute
to the reality
and to the mutual
benefit of reality.
You can do that on your own,
you can put your best version
and project into the field,
and if you have no idea at all
how to do it, then go with what
the community says and do all
shift happily now.
>> Tim, in advanced
E.T. civilizations,
are these psionic
abilities driven by AI?
>> Yeah.
So AI makes logics
a little more easy.
Because when you assume
that the universe is just
a virtual reality, everything
is more easy to alter, you know?
You can just pop up a
menu, adjust this and that,
and things will change
according to the parameters
and algorithms
that you put into.
The thing with AI
is that it needs
to be very well programmed.
And also, it can
be easily affected
through outside
influences which makes
it a little harder on the
other side to maintain it
and to have a stable
system that does that.
It's not necessary, especially,
not for human beings
which are capable of psionic;
of mind-elevating powers.
I would always say
that when you focus
on good energy and
the mutual benefit
and project that
into your reality
and also be aware that reality
will shift and change--
and everybody I've been talking
to has some story or another
about that.
Like thinking of somebody and in
that case, your telephone rings
- might be something.
Start with something simple.
But I'm pretty sure
that the audience
is very well-trained in
using all those stuff.
So I'm not doing
basic training here,
I'm just giving out
the convincing idea
or the convincer that
reality can be altered.
You're not a victim of yourself,
you are the creator as well as
everyone else.
And the more people
come together
and the more they contribute
to everything, the better.
Also not propagating
the idea that only one--
giving down one idea is
the best way to do it.
I think that every
consciousness unit
has a wonderful and personal
space where he or she or it
contributes to the
well-being of everything.
And whatever is
your personal home,
go there and give the best
of the energy into the room
and connect with others
>> Tim, that was fantastic.
Thank you so much
for the information.
>> Thank you very much.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next, on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> A clone is
basically just a copy.
It's essentially a
soulless copy of a person.
>> There are beings
that look like humans,
which are approachable,
you can talk to them,
but they are not
consciousness unit.
>> And often, when
we go to them,
we find that these are rogue
covert programs that the people
in charge of know nothing about.
They don't even know
that they're operating.
>> Are you guys aware of any
corporations that are making
clones for their own agendas?
>> Yes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]